Added step to open custom options page (#8362)
MicrosoftDocs/visualstudio-docs: docs/extensibility/creating-an-options-page.md

     A message box displays the current value of `OptionInteger`.

## Open options page

> In this section, you will add you will add a Command and an event for the button to open the options page

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this section, you'll add a Command and an event for the button to open the options page
```

> 1. First add a Comman called OpenpageCommand.cs. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. First add a file called OpenPageCommand.cs. 
```

> 3. Then open OpenpageCommand.cs and change your Execute method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Then, open *OpenPageCommand.cs* and change your Execute method.
```

     ```csharp
     private void Execute(object sender, EventArgs e)
     {
         ThreadHelper.ThrowIfNotOnUIThread();
         Type optionsPageType = typeof(OptionPageCustom);
         Instance.package.ShowOptionPage(optionsPageType);
     }
    ```

> 3. Run the project, then click the Invoke XXX button (it is under the Tool option by default), then you can see your options page is opened

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Run the project, then click the Invoke button (it is under the Tool option by default), then you can see your options page is opened.
```

5. More details about opening options page can refer to the following documents

> - [Opening an Options Page](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/previous-versions/cc826083(v=vs.140))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Opening an Options Page](/previous-versions/cc826083(v=vs.140))
```
